Here, please take one.
Come to Maid Cafe Vamp!
Whoa! It's a maid!
Can I get one of those, too?
Yes, please take one.
We'll come sometime soon!
Yeah, sometime soon!
Thanks, it'll be great.
So sorry! Something came up
and I can't come to work today.
Crap, really?
Will we have enough people?
So sorry! Something came up
and I can't come to work today.
Got it.
Okay, but what are we gonna do?
Is anyone I know free today?
But the only ones I could ask are all vampires.
And man, I don't want it to become
a popularity contest.
If only there was someone convenient
who doesn't hit it off with guys at all.
Hey, it's Midori.
What's up with the kooky getup?
I didn't realize you were a maid, Kohakobe-san.
F-f-f-f-f...
Found one!
Uh, what's this?
Someone who's not good with guys!
You're the only one I can ask, Nazuna-chan!
I get the feeling you're insulting me, somehow.
Komori Housing Complex Council
Nazuna Nanakusa
Ko Yamori
Ano hi ringo no ki no shita kyouhan de
Fumi koete mita kyoukaisen
Suguni black out
A, oikari de...
Oitaterarete konna jigen e
Oretoshita koto ga
Ore gotoki desura
Ore ni kagitte iya
Msaka ne
Kimi no sei ni shita
Himitsu o teni shita
Ichijiku no ha ga migi hidari
Atto iuma me ga sameru
Kato omoeba sora ni ochite yuku
Nanto iuka yamerarenu
Mouhito kajiri
Again, Fallin' fallin' rasenjou ni ochiteiku matenrou ni mo
Fallin' fallin' futaribocchi kizukanai curtain call ni mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah doko made mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah kono mi makasete
Itsuno ma ni
Kizu ga umatteku yeah
Again, Fallin' fallin' rasenjou ni ochiteiku matenrou ni mo
Fallin' fallin' futaribocchi kizukanai curtain call ni mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah doko made mo
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah kono mi makasete
Itsuno ma ni
Kizu ga umatteku yeah
Nazuna-chan, it looks so good on you!
Uh-huh, thanks.
Because your face isn't half bad.
Good, good.
Right, Yamori-kun?
Y-yeah...
I don't mind working this shift,
but what are you gonna do, Ko-kun?
Wanna wear a maid outfit too?
N-no thanks!
Why would you think that?!
Hey, don't worry.
You can order something on me.
Damn you, Ko Yamori!
This blockhead was absurd enough to say
that if he had to choose, I'd be a "no"!
I'll show you just how amazingly cute I can be
and I'll knock your socks off!
Okay then, just do exactly what I taught you,
Nazuna-chan!
Yamori-kun, you come in the store
after about five minutes.
Okay.
'Kaay.
VAMP
Welcome home, Master!
Hey there.
Excuse me for intruding...
Uh hey, don't ruin the role play.
Forgive me for the wait, Master!
Uh, okay.
I'm one of the Vamp maids, Midori.
And she's one of the new maids, Nazuna-chan.
Nazuna-chan, introduce yourself.
Yo.
That's not it, Nazuna-chan!
I told you what to do!
Why won't you cooperate?!
I can't remember that long-ass line.
Also, can I sit here too?
No way in hell! You wanna die?!
Please, Nazuna-chan!
I have top popularity here.
Don't mess that up for me!
You're even getting paid, remember?
What? I guess I'll do my best for the cash.
I already told you that, didn't I?!
Weren't you listening?!
I was kind of listening.
"Kind of"?
Fine, fine...
Okay, a maid, a maid...
I need to switch gears.
That's the spirit, Nazuna-chan!
Make it extra cute, and don't forget to smile!
Right!
Master dude!
Politely, Nazuna-chan.
Milord...
Well okay, I guess you need to play a
unique character to stand out these days.
Th' masta... big boss... my liege...
What character did you go with to
become number one, Kohakobe-san?
Me?
I don't need that kind of thing.
I'm just that cute.
Because I'm a vampire, remember?
Forgive me for the wait, Master!
Moe, moe, kyun!
It's very sweet, but not too much.
It's mild and pleasant.
Really? Thank you so much!
Aw, shucks.
Your magic touch makes even
black coffee taste sweet, Midori.
Or maybe I'm just a sucker for your sugary charms.
Whaat? Don't say that, Master!
Wow, that conversation's on another level!
Forgive me for the wait, Master!
Here's your special tropical juice.
Oh uh, thanks.
What an awfully cute master you are!
Huh?! Th-thank you.
This is your first time home, isn't it?
First time home?
Yes...
Then please allow me to introduce myself!
Please do...
I'm one of the Vamp maids, Arisa!
My favorite foods are raspberries and chocolate cake.
I go to other maid cafes on my days off,
and I love chatting with my favorite maids!
It's a pleasure to serve you!
Wow.
Thank you very much, Master!
It's like an anime.
Really?! I'm so glad!
Wow...
Um, I came because Kohakobe-san
brought me here, and-
Shhh! You can't, Master!
Midori-chan is her full name here!
Oh! I'm sorry.
Are you here for Midori-chan as well, Master?
Here for...
Uh no, it's not like that.
Midori-chan doesn't embellish herself at all.
Neither her appearance or her personality.
She took the number one spot
as soon as she started here.
Wow...
I may not look it, but I was actually
number one before Midori-chan came.
Really? Wow!
I feel like I've only said "wow" today.
I'm not really supposed to be talking about this,
so keep it a secret.
Oh, okay.
Midori-chan's amazing.
I envy that...
It's probably because I know that
Kohakobe-san's a vampire,
but in all honesty,
I didn't notice that much of a difference.
What do you think, Ko Yamori?!
Cute, aren't I?
The number one spot, huh?
We're very sorry, Master.
We look forward to the
next time you come home.
Your VAMP Maids
Yeaaah!
Beer after a hard day's work is so sweet!
You always drink like it's good regardless.
Oh hey, Nazuna-chan.
I'm gonna post on the store's social media account.
Let me take a pic.
You're pretty conscientious.
It's important for the store.
The comments are good for feedback, too.
Covert photos from the cafe are being
uploaded online. This isn't good, right?
What the heck?
What's the matter, Kohakobe-san?
Uh, why would you zoom in on that?
That's messed up.
A middle school boy who enlarges
peeping Tom photos to get a better look...
Stop that!
That's not what I had in mind!
Ko-kun, you perv.
You horny perv-man.
H-horny perv-man?!
There might be photos of me, too!
Don't look so closely!
Nope, none of you here.
Huh?! They didn't take any of me,
the number one maid?!
But I'm the obvious first choice!
Huh? You wanted your pics taken?
No, of course not!
That's not what I mean.
These are only targeting Arisa-san.
I see...
Then the culprit is a customer who likes Arisa-chan.
But do you have some kind of skill in telling
who a girl is just by looking at her lower body?
That's pretty creepy.
Of course not; that's insulting.
You can tell if you take a proper look at the photos.
She wears her uniform a little differently,
and her face is in some of them.
True.
Yamori-kun!
Yes?
I want to catch the culprit.
Can you help me?
Sure.
10th Night: Enlarge the Peeping-Tom Photos
The Next Day
There are some where she's changing, too...
When you stare at them like that,
it's a little embarrassing.
Good evening, Yamori-sama.
G-g-g-good eveni...
Did you just get here for work?
Yes.
I'm sorry I'm causing you so much trouble.
I heard from Midori-chan.
If only I had been more careful,
I wouldn't have had those photos taken of me.
No, that's obviously not the issue.
Sneaking photos of her changing
is a pretty risky move.
It had to be in this room, right?
Then it was probably from that window.
I see...
A balcony...
Then it would have been possible to
take photos from outside.
Um, Yamori-san?
Yes?
Uh, I have to get changed and
go serve the masters pretty soon...
I-I'm sorry I didn't realize!
I'll get out right away!
Not at all!
I'm sorry, when you're helping us find the culprit.
Yo!
How's it going? Any leads?
You on a break, Nazuna-chan?
Moe, moe, kyun!
I kept my eyes open in there,
but there weren't any sketchy customers.
Well, I figure they won't come today
if they came yesterday.
Do you think this door leads out to the balcony?
Dunno. Why?
The culprit had to have taken some
photos from the balcony,
so I want to go check.
There's a lock on here.
Shall we break it?
Like, "twist"?
I feel like we probably shouldn't break it.
Hmm, I was thinking maybe we could climb up, but...
Nazuna-chan, can you lend me a hand?
You got it.
This is probably the only place to
get a photo of her changing.
Angle-wise, too.
But in order to get out on the balcony from inside,
you have to open this door that's locked.
To access the balcony from outside,
you would need to be as acrobatic
as Nazuna-chan is.
Then that must mean the culprit is Midori?!
Why would you think that?
But when you consider the factors,
she's the only possible one.
If you say that, you're just as viable a suspect.
Hmm, what does this mean?
H-huh?! Yamori-san?!
Why?!
Whoa there, missy, don't you get the wrong idea.
We're looking for clues leading to the culprit.
I'm sorry.  Honestly.
Oh, uh, Nazuna-san?
So yeah, you change already and get to work.
We're busy here.
O-okay...
I'm sorry. Honestly.
What d'ya think?
The angle's pretty much right, but...
something's not quite the same as that photo.
Isn't that 'cuz there's no person in your shot?
I'll go stand there for you.
What?! Ugh!
Okay you're asking for it.
Oh, ugh!
I think looking good in photos depends on
whether you're used to taking selfies
and knowing how to present your face, you know?
Used to taking selfies...
What's up, Ko-kun?
Nazuna-chan...
Yep?
I think I can find the culprit.
Really?!
You're like a genius detective whose IQ bumps up
only when peeping Tom photos are involved!
If I don't get to be a vampire,
maybe I'll be a detective when I grow up.
Only for peeping Tom photos.
There's a detective's line I've always wanted to say.
Can I?
Ooh, what's that?
When work's over, gather everyone together.
If what I've deduced is correct,
the culprit will definitely come to the crime scene!
So cool...
Yamori-kun!
Is it true you're going to catch the culprit?!
Most definitely.
No...
Well, about eighty percent sure.
Maybe sixty percent?
Or more like forty or fifty.
Well, definitely is a strong word.
If I'm lucky I might figure it out, maybe?
He's losing confidence with every word!
This doesn't sound promising.
Midori-san, is there anywhere you can hide?
Nazuna-chan, can you do what I asked earlier?
You got it.
Nazuna-san!
Oh, good work today.
You about to go home?
Yes, am I the last one?
Seems that way.
Lock up when you leave!
What?! You're going home like that?
Yeah. Why?
Uh, nothing.
Good work today.
Why're we in the same locker?
What was I supposed to do?
This was the only one that was unlocked!
Anyway, why are we hiding?
The culprit is after Arisa-san.
Her being alone is the most
convenient time for the culprit.
What do you mean?
I noticed when I was looking at those photos,
but they were all taken when Arisa-san was alone.
Weren't there some where's she's serving customers?
If you look closely, there aren't any other
staff or customers in them.
What, really?
Those peeping Tom photos were all taken
after closing hours.
What?!
Here, take a look at this.
Which one?
Hey...
Oh come on, Yamori-kun.
Well I mean, we're putting our faces together
to look at these photos
when we're already pressed against each other.
You say that when you told me I was a "no".
Most everyone's a "no" in my case!
Oh yeah?
The window just opened?
To tell you the truth,
I kind of suspected this from the start.
Or rather, looking at the photos,
that was the only way it made sense.
But I don't understand the reason behind it.
That's why...
we have to ask her directly.
Arisa-san!
Uh, Yamori-san?!
Ohh, you used a timer to take them.
I see...
Oops, I took one of my face.
I'm sorry, Arisa-san.
I'm sure you didn't want anyone to find out.
But why did you take selfies like these?
Uh...
Can I put on some clothes first?
I'm so very sorry.
But I'm amazed you figured it out.
How?
Well, to put it simply, the photos looked too good.
I imagine when you sneak photos,
the main goal is to get the photos.
So when it comes down to it,
as long as the target is in the photo,
it shouldn't matter if it looks cute or not.
And I think some kind of selfie app
was used to take those photos,
but the photos themselves look too nice.
That and,
this was the decisive thing for me personally...
...but the thing was, a crucial thing was missing.
Huh? What do you mean?
Uh, you know...
Most peeping Tom photos include some shots of...
Well, you know, under...
Oh...
Huh?! You were thinking there weren't any
upskirt photos from the start?!
You creep!
Will you shut up?!
Well, so basically, the photos
specifically didn't show those parts.
I started off by wondering if that was intentional.
I see.
We would never have realized
without a guy's perspective.
So a horny mind led to solving the case.
Will you shut up?
But Arisa-san, I don't understand why.
What did you do all this for?
Huh? You can't tell?
You're not very perceptive in that area, huh?
You had top popularity before I came
but now you're number two,
and you got frustrated, right?
So you made up an imaginary peeping Tom
to prove that you're still popular, right?
In order to satisfy your desire for recognition?
You know, that's called an illness.
D-do you have to put it like that?
Why not?
It's true.
You're just as ill, Yamori-kun.
Huh?!
You're a middle schooler who can't go to school
and messes around all night long.
What else could it be?
I...
I'll quit!
So yeah, Arisa-chan.
It's okay to be ill.
The way you're dealing with it isn't
weird or particularly bad.
I'm sure there are plenty like you around,
who try to satisfy their desire for recognition
in skewed ways.
Me included.
So cool!
The best.
I love this!
I mean, the girls who work here are all like that.
Sure! I would recommend tea with milk to go with that cake.
We're here because we want
ordinary people to fawn over us.
Sure! I would recommend tea with milk to go with that cake.
The customers, too.
Thanks for the other day.
They're here to fawn over ordinary people.
I had so much fun!
That's really not normal!
You made a bit of a mistake this time,
but you're askew in a really normal way, Arisa-chan.
They were nice photos, too.
Humans are pretty much all sick
in their own ways, you know?
We just have to learn to live with that.
VAMP
Welcome home, Master!
Nazuna-chan says, "The pay here's amazing!"
and she's decided to keep working on and off.
Denshinbashira no neiki ga
Telephone poles snoozing
Kensen douro no akubi ga
Highways yawning
We're pretty much all sick, huh?
Utatane shita jihanki ga
Vending machines dozing
Do you mind if I sit next to you?
Shizuka ni kanaderu
A quiet melody
Oh, sure.
Shingouki no matataki
Traffic lights flashing
Hi there, Yamori-san.
You come on your day off?
Gaitou no saeta me ga
Streetlamps with wakeful eyes
Like I said, my hobby's going to maid cafes
Mado ga kobosu itonami ga
Windows glowing with life
and chatting with my favorite maids.
Kirakira terashiteru
They glimmer and illuminate
Favorite?
Koko wa dance floor ginmaku ita no ue
This is a dance floor, the silver screen, onstage
Hey, Arisa-chan.
Midori-chan!
Shuen kyakuhon kantoku mina ore
I'm the lead, screenwriter and director
Hora step like singing like Broadway
See, step like singing, like Broadway
Welcome home, Mistress.
How're things?
Mirror ball nara mangestu kumo no ue
The mirror ball's the full moon above the clouds
Not bad.
I'm a stranger stranger ichigoichie
I'm a stranger, stranger, a singular moment
See, I take lots of selfies,
Nara shutdown surechigau hito no me
So shutdown the eyes of the passersby
but I was thinking maybe what I did wasn't that normal.
Ima suikonda 120 en no yakei
Now breathe in the nightlights for 120 yen
Can coffee katate again again
Canned coffee in one hand, again, again
Like, I'd take them over and over until I got the right shot.
Tokei no hari ga ashita eto temaneki shiteru ga
The hands of the clock beckon towards tomorrow
To look even cuter.
Ore wa mada me mo kurenai
But I pay them no heed
As much as possible.
Shibashi no loss time
A bit of bonus time
When it's bad I start in the morning
Kono makkuroi yohaku o nuritsubusu tabi ne detai na
I wanna journey to fill in this extra time in the dark
and it's night by the time I realize.
Douse nara kimi no te o tsukande
I might as well grab your hand
I never thought anyone would say that's okay.
Fudan to chigau michi erande
And choose a different path from usual
I sent a photo to Midori-chan and she said she liked it.
Escort suru kono runway
I'll escort you down this runway
Look!
Asphalt no red carpet
A red carpet of asphalt
That's uber cute.
Ogyougi yoku tachi naranderu
Standing prim and proper in line
Hey, Yamori-san, wanna take one together?
Gairojutach ga urayanderu
The trees on the street are envious
Here we go.
Tooku de kikoeteru siren
Hear the distant sirens
Cheese!
Ushigaeru no nakigoe ga kansei
The bullfrogs croaking sound like cheers
Yofukashi no uta
Terashitette moonlight
Me o ubatte blue light
Neon sign ga yobu omote ura
Yofukashi no uta
Tsuresatte midnight
Chibashitta red eyes
Otona tachi no komoriuta
Gaki no koro kara yoru ga suki datta
Kuji ni neru no wa nanka iya datta
Nantonaku tada mottainakatta
Omae no koto ga motto shiritakatta
Hey hey
Iwayuru sanmon no toku
Nageuttedemo mitainosa motto oku no oku no oku
Iro koku himo toku
12 o'clock kara ushi no koku made
Hajimete omae o mataida no wa
Iya hajimete matagatta no wa tashika juushi
Ore wa nanimo shirane wannabe
Tetori ashitori subete ga atarashii
Sugata katachi ni sono kaori
Shizukesa ga niau sono kuroi hada ni
Sui komareteta temaneki sareru mamani
Sorekara omae wa ongaku o kureta
Onna no hadaka mo mishite kureta
Nonda koto nee sake ni kuchi tsukete
Oton no tabacco kusune hi o tsuketa
Yaccha ikenai ga afurete
Shiccha ikenai ni mamireteru
Mukae ni kuru yami ni magirete
Omae wa itsumo kimagure de
Yofukashi no uta
Terashitette moonlight
Me o ubatte blue light
Neon sign ga yobu omote ura
Yofukashi no uta
Tsuresatte midnight
Chibashitta red eyes
Otona tachi no komoriuta